To Yench:

The following feecback is for the Project 3 draft. I will respond to the repo
after commit 7e7eea3.

Provide feedback about the following topics:

1. Is the project organized modularly, with Make as the workflow manager?

The project has four subdirectories (data, feedback, results, scripts).
The Make file exists and is found under the scripts directory. This file has
two targets including the generation of a client csv file and a report document.
It appears that the project is organized modularly and that Make is the proper
workflow manager. Good job! It may be easier if the Makefile is in the root
directory. If you rather keep it in the scripts directory (a reasonable choice),
you may want to add a description on your README so that people know where to
find it.

2. Does the project use both Python (Pandas specifically) and R (Tidyverse specifically) scripts?

This project does include scripts for both Pandas data wrangling, but it does
not include a R script (yet). The README indicates that a R Markdown file will
be used as the final deliverable. The Make file indicates that there should be
a Rmd file called report under results. The make file looks like it should work,
so once the Rmd file is added then you should be set.

3. Is Docker used to define execution environments appropriately?

It looks like two docker environments are specified - one for python and one
for R/Tidyverse. It may be reasonable to use a single docker environment that
that can handle both processes, but it would not be strictly necessary. Plus,
this is extra practice for docker.

4. Are the plots appropriate for the data types, the hypotheses being tested, and the points being communicated?

There are currently no results available, but it looks like they should be
generated from the Rmd file after pandas manipulation. The hypotheses being
tested (as noted by the questions on the README) are interesting and should
be testable using the data.

5. How can the project be organized or documented more clearly?

I would consider moving the Makefile to the root so that it is clear that it
exists (to a user who might not expect it). I would also mention something about
"how to run this analysis" to your README. It would help someone handle the
various programs (Make, Docker, Pandas, R).

6. Is the purpose of the project communicated clearly?

The primary purpose of the project is communicated clearly on the README. You
also mention that you'll be using American Community Survey data in your
analysis, but it is not clear how. I look forward to seeing how you end up
using the data!

7. Does the purpose of the project make sense from the client’s point of view? How could the project better serve the client?

I think question 3 is of great importance to the client. Questions 1 and 2 may
already be possible, but it would still help UMD to have these statistics
available for their shelter.

8. Is the source of the data made clear? (Remember that this project can be part of your public portfolios, so people not familiar with UMD may see it).

Yes, it is clear the data is from UMD. It might be worth adding some more
details about the specific datasets - perhaps in a README under the data
subdirectory.

9. Is the interpretation of figures clearly explained?

Since the figures are not yet available, I was not able to comment on this point.

10. Is the purpose and interpretation of analysis steps clearly communicated?

You do a good job of commenting throughout your python file. Consider using
a Juypter notebook to help your reader follow along. It would also be helpful
to see some "looks at the data" along the way in your analysis.

11. Are overall take-home messages clearly communicated?

This is a good step towards achieving the Project 3 objectives. You highlight
three questions that are relevant to the client. You have gather the appropriate
data, including an outside source, and explain how you'll utilize both Pandas
and the Tidyverse to achieve your final product (while employing Docker and
Make). The report should focus on your three questions and present a figure to
address each question. The second part of question 3 is of particular interest
to UMD, but it may be difficult to explain with a graphic alone. Consider using
some illustrative examples. 
