You've done lots of work on wrangling the data, and the perspective you look at the problem is very creative. 

I will give comments following by the provided questions.

1. Is the project organized modularly, with Make as the workflow manager?

Yes, it's organized modularly, and it has the makefile.

2. Does the project use both Python (Pandas specifically) and R (Tidyverse specifically) scripts?

Yes, good job.

3. Is Docker used to define execution environments appropriately?

Not yet.
4. Are the plots appropriate for the data types, the hypotheses being tested, and the points being communicated?

no plots code provided yet.
5. How can the project be organized or documented more clearly?
For your python file, it is very detailed and gives friendly explanation. I will think it better if you could use jupyter notebook to show some
 results while you are doing the wrangling job, since people are not familiar with the dataset you provide, especially the variables that 
correspond to our dataset.

6. Is the purpose of the project communicated clearly?

Yes
7. Does the purpose of the project make sense from the client¡¯s point of view? How could the project better serve the client?
I will think it helpful since another demographic dataset is introduced.

8. Is the source of the data made clear? (Remember that this project can be part of your public portfolios, so people not familiar with UMD may see it).

Yes


9. Is the interpretation of figures clearly explained?



No figures yet

10. Is the purpose and interpretation of analysis steps clearly communicated?

It gives good explanation for every step in python file.

11. Are overall take-home messages clearly communicated?

Yes
For README file, the introduction of another dataset is a good idea, since you want to compare the different population composition between UMD client and local population. The questions you raise are also worth to consider. 

Also don't forget to provide your R plot code and html report, as well as the makefile and Docker. Good luck on your final project!

